Update to Mapbox Maps `v10.0.0-rc.8`, Navigation Native `66.0.0` and Common `18.0.0`. (#3342)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* The Mapbox Navigation SDK for iOS license has changed from the ISC License to the Mapbox Terms of Service. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* You can now install MapboxNavigation using Swift Package Manager, but you can no longer install it using Carthage. If you previously installed MapboxNavigation using Carthage, use Swift Package Manager instead. ([#2808](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2808))
* MapboxNavigation now depends on MapboxMobileEvents v1.0.3. ([#3320](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3320))
* MapboxNavigation now depends on [MapboxMaps v10.0.0-rc.8](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/). ([#3342](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3342))

> * MapboxNavigation now depends on MapboxNavigationNative v66.0.0. ([#3342](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3342))

Reviewer: Were there any changes in MapboxNavigationNative v66.0.0 worth mentioning as improvements over the version used by navigation SDK v1._x_?

Author: Yes, there were several deprecations in `v66.0.0`:
- `Navigator.getStatus()` was deprecated in favor of `NavigatorObserver`.

Reviewer: `MapboxNavigationNative.Navigator` is fully encapsulated by `MapboxCoreNavigation.Navigator`, which itself is internal, so we can leave that out of the changelog. I was wondering if there were any behavioral changes worth mentioning, but I guess this release was relatively uneventful on that front.

* Feedback categories and subcategories for active navigation were changed. "Incorrect visual" category was renamed to "Looks Incorrect". For the full updated list of supported categories see enum `ActiveNavigationFeedbackType`. ([#3339]((https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3339))
* Fixed bundle names retrieval in `URLSession.userAgent`. ([#3335]((https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3335))
* Fixed IndexedRouteResponse handling after rerouting. ([#3344]((https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3344))

> * Renamed `Router.advanceLegIndex()` to `Router.advanceLegIndex(completionHandler:)`. Added `AdvanceLegCompletionHandler` and `UpdateLocationCompletionHandler`, which allow to report result of advancing route leg in `Router` and updating location in `PassiveLocationManager` respectively. ([#3344]((https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3344))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed the `Router.advanceLegIndex()` method to `Router.advanceLegIndex(completionHandler:)` and the `PassiveLocationDataSource.updateLocation(_:)` method to `PassiveLocationManager.updateLocation(_:completionHandler:)`. These methods are now asynchronous, and their completion handlers indicate whether the operation succeeded. ([#3344](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3344))
```
